today i will show you an action crime
fantasy film from 2017
titled what happened to monday spoilers
ahead watch out and take care
human behavior has drastically impacted
the environment and with an ever
increasing population
there is a dramatic shortage of food to
combat the crisis
the european federation has developed
genetically modified crops
that are more resilient and have a high
yield this scientific breakthrough had
caused a different problem
there is a staggering spike in multiple
births and genetic defects globally
the solution is feeding the problem
furthermore the political activist and
conservation biologist dr nicolette
cayman has asked the federation to
institute a one child per family policy
called the child allocation act she was
successful in her efforts to push the
legislation so the world is facing new
restrictive measures
illegally conceived siblings would have
to be remanded in cryosleep
the children will be humanely stored in
cryosleep until the global issues have
been resolved
they will awaken a better world a doctor
approaches terence setman who is looking
at his seven granddaughters in the
nursery
he tells the grandfather that if they
were better equipped they could have
saved his daughter
terence doesn't know who the father is
because he hasn't spoken to his daughter
in a long time
the doctor asks him how he will hide
them terence says that he'll manage
names the girls after the seven days of
the week
thirty years later we see one of the
siblings on the street
sunday is leaving the sector where she
works on her way home
she witnesses officers taking a sibling
from a distraught family
under the child allocation act then she
goes to a market and buys rap meat with
an identity bracelet
sunday enters her building and has a
chat with the security guard eddie
who tells her something that he feels
he's already said to her before
sunday enters the apartment and later is
seen serving dinner to the rest of her
siblings
thursday thinks the food is gross while
wednesday seems to enjoy it
tuesday says that it's beautiful
saturday jokes with wednesday that she'd
eat anything
they all laugh at her jokes except
monday she's worried about a
presentation she needs to give the next
day
thursday says that if they do get the
promotion it will all be because of
friday
who's their resident genius terrence can
be seen in a flashback teaching them how
they would operate in the world as one
he tells them that in time they will
select a carrier that capitalizes on
their collective strengths
later he's seen making a hidden room for
the girls and then training them to hide
their things and themselves at the time
for that ever comes
terence hides the rest of the stuff and
walks over to sunday who's the only one
left outside
friday joins him as he makes copies of
the identity bracelet for all of them
one day he sits the girls down to
explain the rules by which they will
operate in the world
each girl will be allowed to leave the
house on the day that is their name
inside the house they can be themselves
but outside they will take on the
singular identity of karen setman
thursday asks if she can play outside
any answers that she may
but only if it's her day and never
together with her sisters they must
never tell anyone that they have
siblings
tuesday is the first one to leave the
house for school as terrence takes her
out
she gets overwhelmed by the crowd and
stops they enter another sector of the
city and they scan her bracelet
revealing a successful copy
terence drops her off at school and
reminds her that she's the only karen
setman
that night he tells the girls that the
meeting at the end of the day is when
they should share all the details of the
past day with their siblings
they watch tuesday's video of the day
cut to the present and sunday is showing
her videos from that day
the siblings feel sorry for the
allocated girl and wednesday makes a sly
comment about caiman
thursday wonders about what would happen
if they turn themselves to the cap
all of the women think that's a horrible
idea monday seems to especially dislike
it and the two of them argue
thursday wishes to live free as herself
and not as karen setman a mask they put
on one day a week
wednesday and saturday tell the two to
stop arguing so thursday leaves the room
saying how what they have isn't a life
in a flash forward she remembers herself
leaving the house on a saturday after
her sister and grandfather have left for
the day
later terence is questioning the rest of
the girls about where she could have
gone
suddenly she knocks on the door and the
other girls hide he gets a gun and opens
the door to thursday standing there with
a hurt hand
she has lost the tip of her finger
terence dresses her wound and scolds her
when he's done with her hand he calls
monday and says that everything they do
affects each other
he cleans monday's hand with alcohol
gives her a shot gets the cleaver and
sanitizes it with fire
what happens to one of them happens to
them all he tells monday to be brave and
chops her finger off
at the present it's a monday the day's
namesake is sick and sunday holds her
head
later monday scans her vitals and uses
the information to apply her makeup
she leaves the apartment and arrives at
a checkpoint to enter the sector where
she works
she's stopped by adrian who [ __ ] how
he hates mondays but he's happy he gets
to see her
she gets selected for questioning adrian
questions her on the spot and they flirt
a little
then he lets her proceed monday enters
the bank where she works and is joined
in the elevator by her colleague jerry
they have an unpleasant conversation
where he implies that he might know
something about her
monday is worried she doesn't come home
that night and her sisters are worried
because she's not answering her phone
friday checks her bracelet but her gps
locator is turned off and she can't find
her
tuesday is scared that she might be dead
and the authorities find her before they
do
she thinks their lives might be over too
saturday seems chill about her being
late but thursday comments that monday
has never been late for a meeting
the next day tuesday gets the scan
saturday reads her results and helps her
get ready
thursday is angry that she'd eat a magic
brownie tuesday says it's good for her
nerves
especially since monday is gone thursday
tells her that she needs to act normal
but she isn't so sure she can do that
tuesday steps off the elevator and eddie
tells her that he didn't see her come in
the previous day
she gets to the checkpoint and passes
through without a problem when she gets
to the office
tuesday puts a communication device in
her ear and talks to her sisters
telling them that they got the promotion
her assistant walks in and tuesday asks
when she last synced her tablet because
she forgot to log off
the assistant says that she left early
to celebrate at her favorite bar tuesday
goes to the bar and drinks with the
bartender
asking her about the previous night she
says that she didn't stay long because
her colleague annoyed her
tuesday calls her sisters with what she
found out and saturday says that jerry
knows
thursday thinks that she should question
him because he might be the last person
that saw monday
tuesday is stopped by agents from the
child allocation bureau and they tell
her to get into a van
once inside the officer scans her
bracelet and turns her gps off
friday tells the others she lost her
tuesday is taken to the cab headquarters
adrian sees her being walked inside for
questioning she's taken into a room
where cayman is waiting for her
tuesday reluctantly shakes her hand and
asks why she's there
the woman says that she's amazed she
made it that far considering there were
seven children
tuesday continues her rouse but the
agent gives came in a file showing there
are five more sisters
the woman asks if there is another way
the agent tells her that there isn't if
she wants to keep it quiet
then takes out a knife tuesday tries to
bargain with caiman
but she tells her that was what the last
one said she doesn't come back that
night either and the others are restless
and worried about her
wednesday thinks they should go out and
help her suddenly they see armed men on
their security cameras and freak out
the men walk into the building and kill
eddie they use tuesday's out to get
inside the apartment but they don't find
anyone because the sisters are hiding in
their spot
thursday goes to get her father's gun
though she finds the safe empty
the men find the hiding spot and tell
the siblings to step out
the main guy asks where the last one is
suddenly thursday hits one of them over
the head and uses his body as a shield
wednesday attacks the agent closest to
her and fights him while thursday
incapacitates another one
when she tries to shoot him the gun
fails and he fires at her but friday
knocks him out with a bookshelf
he breaks out and takes down friday
wednesday gets trashed in her fight and
when the main guy gets ready to kill her
sunday throws boiling water on his face
saturday attacks him with an iron and
tries to strangle him with a cord
but he knocks her out the main guy gets
a knife and walks toward wednesday when
she manages to make him topple over
thursday fights with the other one for
his gun eventually
she manages to kill him when the fight
is over the women see that sunday is
shot in the gut
she says that she doesn't know who she
is then she dies meanwhile kamen visits
a cab holding facility and tells the
agent that she was assured that the
children won't suffer
the woman has begun to feel guilty about
what she has done but the agent tells
her that the parents are the guilty ones
and that she is humanity's last hope
she springs back fast telling the agent
that they must localize the settlement
problem because the scandal of 7